listen so you guys are always giving me
recommendations in the comments and
while it's physically impossible to make
an El Amin on everything I watch for it
too they get claimed I do try to watch
as many as I can because I'm also always
listening for great recommendations and
since there's more daylight out I
decided to venture into some of the
horror picks you guys were giving me and
bro what the hell so let me explain so
the rooms not to be confused with the
other oscar-worthy one you know one star
in brie Larson it's a shutter original
that has a really messed up ending so in
case you wanted to experience it first
and major spoiler warning for what I
would give a discounted but really
creepy rented too so we follow this
couple who moves to the countryside
trying to spice things up in their lives
only to find a room that grants them any
wish they want Matt finds a lock-and-key
that gets him in there as he notices all
these symbols and circuit board like
markings around the room that keeps him
up so he dreams about liquor and like a
spirit it appears realizing that the
room can create anything kate decides
there's only one thing she really wants
to fight with her husband are you out of
your [ __ ] mind to make baby
I know honestly I think it's a
compelling story considering Kate's
previous miscarriages and how she's now
able to finally have her own child to
care for but then it gets bogged down
with a lot of these weird rules for
starters you can pretty much wish for
anything for old going lingerie to vengo
zero gravity a human that's that like
the others everything has to stay inside
the house because if it leaves the home
it disintegrates paintings money they
all meet their endgame the moment they
break the quarantine which is why he
should have just wish for Bitcoin
instead of these Rocket Man pants but in
terms of their kid in ageism mommy
and big now honestly the best part of
the movie in my opinion is a production
design the director himself is an artist
so he pretty much supplied his originals
for the set the circuit and designs he
even admitted come from the shining and
it's like kind of carpet or this
Fibonacci spiral that I'm sure most of
you guys have seen in multiple things
throughout the years but this is like
the basis to nature it's almost like
there's an aspect to the story that
really gets down to human patterns and
the equations that make us tick there's
hints at worlds within worlds and
becoming your own God God had to die of
course didn't you read Nietzsche and the
craziest part is how he wanted to
connect with Tesla that said this thing
to see Kuhn doesn't focus on any of that
instead like vivarium they end up
trapped inside their home with our kid
who's very annoying but the dad gets
worried when the kid starts wishing for
things and turns the room into the
backyard so he goes on www to realize he
moved into a murder house reporter Matt
confronts the previous murderer who
lived in his house who turns out to also
be a figment created by the room he
claims that the only way for them to
survive or further fake it to survive is
to get rid of one or the other which is
what he did to live the rest of his life
in prison cuz I guess wishing for all
the stuff to go away doesn't count
recently creates at your room in my own
house where there's a theme of freedom
and minimalism that gets brought up how
you know the room can represent all the
material things that keep us bound and
locked up since you can't go out but I
can didn't the kid bring the outside
indoors I yeah I've been indoors it I
didn't have the room and said the movie
relies on the shock factor of its ending
which I think makes less sense the more
you think about it but it's shocking
after the kid realizes that it's either
him or the parents he starts observing
them ages himself twice so he can look
like his father likes the real one up in
the room and then I guess he forgot that
he could wish for his own MoEF because
he does this obviously the real dead
escapes the movie keeps that tension of
the doubles at least longer than Rhys
did Chewbacca's death
what's Joburg
I just don't get like why did he just
switch back boy really got that age
knocked out of him they're able to
escape the house as the son disinfect
some of their figment child only for it
to end weeks later with Kate finding out
she's pregnant it's definitely an ending
that leaves it up to you to decide
whether it's the real dads or the
figment child's child but the light
flickers which was supposed to happen
when you're in the room where a wish
happens I'm out weeks after conception
what if the figment child also disappear
outside the room since only one of the
creators was killed according to the
rules couldn't you just go back and ask
the room or wish it away it is also
20/20 as a reminder but above all how
does the movie forget their own
characters arc kate was suffering from
multiple miscarriages wasn't the person
that doesn't have it that's not
happiness right I'll gladly swap places
overall I get the shock factor they were
going for I like the ideas it plays with
but it's not completely cohesive in my
eyes I do really like the production
design and still would like to see that
Tesla Origin idea get expanded but by
the end of it it's clear that out of all
the things they wish for out of that
room a cohesive script was not one of
them
thank you guys checking out this video
in Kherson know your thoughts and
theories down below in the comment
section again crazy
I think it's got--it's think we bit a
very shocking ending I like to switch a
rule that they pull so there's a lot of
fun ideas that the movie has I'm excited
to see if that sequel ever gets pulled
off it kinda reminds you have I or
agents a little movie which I remember
they made because they didn't have a big
enough budget to make the original idea
which was origins so you know maybe that
Tesla talk is the real story that he
wants to get into and this was just
something you know they may get that
funding I'm so curious to see it even if
I don't fully love this movie but I'm
curious to see what other horror movies
you recommend I feel bad cuz it's like I
end up watching them and some of the
stuffs really messed up but
I went on a binge on a bunch more so
definitely a lot more horror movies to
come el-amin wise I'm occasionally your
thoughts don't forget to comment like
subscribe and you can finally leave your
room